Added section of needed rules for Nomad UI (#16494)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/other-specifications/acl-policy.mdx

- `deny`: do not allow the resource to be read or modified. Deny takes
  precedence when multiple policies are associated with a token.

> ## UI rules

Reviewer: Taken with the rest of this doc, this header implies there's a `ui` section. Let's call this:

```suggestion
## Configuring ACLs for the web UI
```

> Since the Nomad UI provides a much richer user experience than the CLI, additional API endpoints `/v1/agent` `/v1/node` are used when rendering pages.  Adding the rules below to your ACL when utilizing the Nomad UI is recommended.

Reviewer: Generally we want to keep marketing language out of the docs and have it be more "just the facts". Also, we hard-wrap markdown:

```suggestion
The Nomad web UI uses the API endpoints `/v1/agent` and `/v1/node` for nearly
every page. ACL policies for users who will use the Nomad UI should include the
following rules.
```
